= imgur

A simple ruby interface to the imgur image hosting service (http://imgur.com). This is a nice alternative to uploading images and not having to deal with RMagick bs.

== Requirements

* Grab a imgur api key : http://imgur.com/register/api/

== Examples

  # Uploading an image to imgur from the filesystem

  img = Imgur::API.new 'YOURAPIKEY'
  uploaded_img = img.upload_file '/path/to/your/test.jpg'
  # should return a hash like:
  # => {"small_thumbnail"=>"http://imgur.com/NfuKFs.png",
        "original_image"=>"http://imgur.com/NfuKF.png",
        "large_thumbnail"=>"http://imgur.com/NfuKFl.png",
        "delete_hash"=>"VAiPkk5NoQ", "imgur_page"=>"http://imgur.com/NfuKF",
        "delete_page"=>"http://imgur.com/delete/VAiPkk5NoQ",
        "image_hash"=>"NfuKF"}
  # now you can do something like (if you're using rails):
  <%= image_tag uploaded_img["small_thumbnail"] %>

  # Here's an example using Sinatra and Sequel, requires sinatra-more

  # Everything's included into one action for brevity, although you can probably extract the file functions to a helper for organizational purposes

  post '/upload_photo' do
    # let's assume we have this is in our form
    # <%= file_field_tag :photo %>
    file_name = params[:photo][:filename].split(".").first.gsub!(/[^a-z0-9]+/i, '_')
    file_type = params[:photo][:filename].split(".").last
    tmp_file_path = File.join(APP_ROOT,"public/images/tmp/#{file_name}.#{file_type}")
    FileUtils.mv params[:photo][:tempfile].path, tmp_file_path

    unless params["photo"].blank? || params["photo"].nil?
      @uploaded_img = IMGUR.upload_file tmp_file_path
    end

    @photo = Photo.new(:photo => @uploaded_img)
    @photo.save

    redirect '/results'
  end


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 jdp. See LICENSE for details.
